
# DB Communicator

DB-Communicator is a web application that allows users to interact with an SQLite database using AI agents. The application consists of a Next.js frontend and a backend implemented with Jupyter notebooks.
The backend offers two different approaches for using AI agents to communicate with any relational database: Langchain SQL agents and CrewAI.

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

Ensure you have the following installed on your machine:

- Node.js (v14.x or higher)
- Python (v3.7 or higher)
- Jupyter Notebook

### Installation

#### 1. Clone the Repository

```sh
git clone https://github.com/AviN27/DB-Communicator.git
cd your-project
```

#### 2. Set Up the Backend
Navigate to the `backend` directory.

Open `langchain-sqlAgent-approach.ipynb` or `crewAI-approach.ipynb` in your browser or code editor to run and interact with the notebooks.

#### 3. Set Up the Frontend
Navigate to the `frontend` directory and install the required Node.js packages:

```sh
cd frontend
npm install
```
To start your developement server, run:
```sh
npm run dev
```

### Usage
- Langchain SQL Agent: Open the `langchain-sqlAgent-approach.ipynb` notebook to use the Langchain SQL agent approach for interacting with the SQLite database.
- CrewAI Agent: Open the `crewAI-approach.ipynb` notebook to use the CrewAI approach for interacting with the SQLite database.
Both notebooks provide interactive cells where you can input queries and see the responses generated by the AI agents.
- The frontend has an API route that can be altered as per your flask, fastAPI (or any other frameworks) endpoint. It uses a basic fetch API from React.

### Contributing
If you would like to contribute to this project, please follow these steps:

- Fork the repository
- Create a new branch (git checkout -b feature/your-feature)
- Make your changes
- Commit your changes (git commit -m 'Add some feature')
- Push to the branch (git push origin feature/your-feature)
- Create a new Pull Request

## License
This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the LICENSE file for details.

## Acknowledgements
- [Langchain](https://python.langchain.com/v0.2/docs/introduction)
- [CrewAI](https://www.crewai.com/)
- [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/)